README.md, before:

# coinlist

> Comprehensive list of cryptocurrencies with metadata

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lukechilds/coinlist.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lukechilds/coinlist)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/lukechilds/coinlist/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/lukechilds/coinlist?branch=master)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/coinlist.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/coinlist)

List compiled from the coinmarketcap.com API. Importable as a raw JSON file or an array with helper methods.

## Install

```shell
yarn add coinlist
```

## Usage

```js
const coins = require('coinlist');

// coins is an array of coin objects:
[
  {
    id: 1,
    symbol: 'BTC',
    name: 'Bitcoin'
  },
  {
    id: 2,
    symbol: 'LTC',
    name: 'Litecoin'
  },
  ...
]

// There is a useful helper method to search the array for a ticker symbol:
const btc = coins.get('BTC');
{
  id: 1,
  symbol: 'BTC',
  name: 'Bitcoin'
}

// Or get a specific property
coins.get('BTC', 'name');
// "Bitcoin"

// You can still use all the usual array methods on coins:
coins.map(coin => coin.name);
[
  'BTC',
  'LTC',
  ...
]

// Alternatively, you can load the raw JSON file:
const coinsJson = require('coinlist/src/coins.json');
```

## API

### coins

An array of coin objects.

### coins.get(symbol, [property])

Returns a coin object.

Alternatively returns a coin property if the `property` argument is defined.

If the symbol cannot be found it will return `undefined`.

#### symbol

Type: `string`

The coin ticker symbol to search the array for.

#### property

Type: `string`

A single coin property to return instead of the entire coin object.

Valid properties are:

- `id` The CoinMarketCap API id.
- `symbol` The ticker symbol.
- `name` The readable name.

## Update Coins

```
$ yarn update
Fetching latest currencies from the coinmarketcap.com API...
Written 1633 coins to src/coins.json
✨ Done in 0.85s.
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome to improve the code but please don't add currencies to `coins.json` directly. The JSON is automatically generated from the update script.

## License

MIT © Luke Childs

Commit message:

Switch to coingecko.com
Context: https://github.com/atomiclabs/hyperdex/issues/464

README.md, after:

# coinlist

> Comprehensive list of cryptocurrencies with metadata

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lukechilds/coinlist.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lukechilds/coinlist)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/lukechilds/coinlist/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/lukechilds/coinlist?branch=master)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/coinlist.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/coinlist)

List compiled from the [coingecko.com API](https://www.coingecko.com/api/docs/v3). Importable as a raw JSON file or an array with helper methods.

## Install

```shell
yarn add coinlist
```

## Usage

```js
const coins = require('coinlist');

// coins is an array of coin objects:
[
  {
    id: 'bitcoin',
    symbol: 'BTC',
    name: 'Bitcoin'
  },
  {
    id: 'litecoin',
    symbol: 'LTC',
    name: 'Litecoin'
  },
  ...
]

// There is a useful helper method to search the array for a ticker symbol:
const btc = coins.get('BTC');
{
  id: 1,
  symbol: 'BTC',
  name: 'Bitcoin'
}

// Or get a specific property
coins.get('BTC', 'name');
// "Bitcoin"

// You can still use all the usual array methods on coins:
coins.map(coin => coin.name);
[
  'BTC',
  'LTC',
  ...
]

// Alternatively, you can load the raw JSON file:
const coinsJson = require('coinlist/src/coins.json');
```

## API

### coins

An array of coin objects.

### coins.get(symbol, [property])

Returns a coin object.

Alternatively returns a coin property if the `property` argument is defined.

If the symbol cannot be found it will return `undefined`.

#### symbol

Type: `string`

The coin ticker symbol to search the array for.

#### property

Type: `string`

A single coin property to return instead of the entire coin object.

Valid properties are:

- `id` The CoinGecko API id.
- `symbol` The ticker symbol.
- `name` The readable name.

## Update Coins

```
$ yarn update
Fetching latest currencies from the coingecko.com API...
Written 2306 coins to src/coins.json
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome to improve the code but please don't add currencies to `coins.json` directly. The JSON is automatically generated from the update script.

## License

MIT © Luke Childs
